All right.
It's time to get started with a new section.
We've built our app now to have sign in and sign up functionality but things are starting to get a little
bit complicated.
You see react is a UI library.
It's focusing on the UI as our apps get more and more complicated.
Our state is going to grow.
It's going to get more and more complicated.
And in this section we're going to use a new library called redux to make our ReACT state more scalable.
Now Redux is a pretty tough topic to understand especially if you haven't learned it before.
But the key thing in this section as we progress through the videos which you may have to revisit a
couple of times because there'll be some new terms that we haven't heard before.
But the key takeaway of this section is to understand that our app as it grows becomes more and more
hard to understand how the flow of data is.
And at the end of the day programs are way for us to manage the flow of data.
And if you remember are key to being a good react developer is to decide the state and where it lives.
And this section is all about that.
We're going to be using redux as a state management to really focus on this point so that our code becomes
cleaner our app becomes easier to debug and you'll notice that although redux may be confusing to understand
our app will become easier and easier to understand and how data flows because of redux.
So stick with us.
I know this is gonna be a tough section but state management is a big big topic.
As a matter of fact in this course we're going to talk about things like context API and graph QoL which
are different ways to manage state as well we have lots to get through.
So let's get started.